Thank you Lord for your kindness
This kid will be useless if you don't care about it.
descendants of Yingshao
Day me
Why hasn't Minyuan come back yet?
Yeah, this creditor is going to be arguing at the door
Mom and Dad, I said long ago that I can't trust Lin Fan
This trash might have run away long ago, right?
I shouldn't have believed him if I knew
Hey
Lin Fan is not that kind of person
Something must have happened to him.
Qinghe, my patience with you is limited
Now the Qiao family is in danger
I don't want you to mess around
So far
Only Master Xu can save us
Sister Xu Aoyu
Why don't you follow Master Xu?
Xu Aoyu is not worthy
Qinghe
You still save